This course is based upon a
workshop that myself, Jérôme, and a lot of other people
have been using in the open source community for years.
It started out as Docker, then it became Docker and Swarm.
Then it became Docker and Kubernetes.
And so I've taken that, extended it to
add more information, and this
means that there are many people evolving this content,
which means you get the best of a bunch of different
brains. So thank you to that community and for all the PRs
and open source help with that because there's so much here
to learn. But even this course can't be everything
you need to learn a tool. You're going to
have to spend some time practicing. You're going to need to
research special issues per your setup, right, so
not everything is going to be in this course.
That's obvious, I guess, of any course.
I just want to say that upfront.
That's why we have the Slack community, Q&A, and all this
other stuff. This will take practice and this
course isn't designed to teach you feature-by-feature like
some courses might. That probably
isn't the best way to learn. We're going to learn by
digging in and trying to solve problems.
We're gonna deploy different applications.
We're gonna have one large project throughout this course,
but other small tools and utilities will be running.
That's going to hopefully help you learn the patterns and
the commands that you'll be using over and over.
And to get started with this, you
don't need a ton of Docker experience.
You definitely need to understand Docker, know
how to run containers, know how to build them.
But you don't have to necessarily be a Docker guru.
You do need some command line skills.
You need to know some basics around command lines and Bash
shells and similar things, but you
probably already have some of that, if you're familiar with
Docker and you've taken another course on it, like my
Docker Mastery course. We want to involve you
as much as possible, which is why when you see exercises
like this one, this
exercise is meant for you to do with me. Now, I'm going to
be doing it on the screen so you can always watch it if you
want, but you're definitely not going to get the synapses
in your brain working unless you're typing these
commands. And the nice thing is, we'll provide enough
installation options that you can even do this on an iPad
and a web browser, if you had to.
But ideally, you're following these exercises.
Notice that it'll be the parts that are dashed outlined
with the keyboard logo.
That keyboard logo means you
should be typing this along with me.